[Term Entry] PHP String Function: str_pad() (#2578)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/string-functions/terms/str-pad/str-pad.md

---
Title: 'str_pad()'
Description: 'Returns a string with a new length by making it longer.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`str_pad()`** method returns a string with a new length by making it longer.

## Syntax

```pseudo
str_pad($string, length, $pad_string, $pad_type)
```

> The `str_pad()` function has four required parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `str_pad()` function has two required parameters and two optional parameters:
```
